to close the book nine ace-queen it's
time to make a decision
something delicate so so del from rival
King tribe flag wins with a high my
physicians as a winner betting things
are ok
oh thank you a sucess for European
swearing working for us
let's happened over seven eight Queen
helical privacy when hi Blair Wayans was
Queen high and nine picker picker
playing this game out sour my insulation
season s you have any time
ten-four I feel dizzy four five plan
went to space hi winners great place
your bets please that's a close the back
hey war wife and sunshine
my sensations bad stuff into the cards
five CJ go to simplify play with fire of
course my contagious to the winners well
done lacy veggies